<h2>Privacy Policy</h2>

<h3>Website Visitors</h3>
<p>Like most website operators, Mad Scientist Technologies collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Mad Scientist Technologies’ purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Mad Scientist Technologies’ visitors use its website. From time to time, Mad Scientist Technologies may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.</p>
<p>Mad Scientist Technologies also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Mad Scientist Technologies does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.</p>

<h3>Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information</h3>
<p>Certain visitors to Mad Scientist Technologies’ websites choose to interact with Mad Scientist Technologies in ways that require Mad Scientist Technologies to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Mad Scientist Technologies gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who use our support ticket system and forums to provide a username and/or email address. In each case, Mad Scientist Technologies collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Mad Scientist Technologies. Mad Scientist Technologies does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.</p>

<h3>Aggregated Statistics</h3>
<p>Mad Scientist Technologies may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Mad Scientist Technologies may monitor user generated content for spam and may monitor and share user’s non-personally-identifying information to improve Mad Scientist Technologies services. However, Mad Scientist Technologies does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.</p>

<h3>Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information</h3>
<p>Mad Scientist Technologies discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Mad Scientist Technologies’ behalf or to provide services available at Mad Scientist Technologies’ websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Mad Scientist Technologies’ websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Mad Scientist Technologies will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations, as described above, Mad Scientist Technologies discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Mad Scientist Technologies believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Mad Scientist Technologies, third parties, or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Mad Scientist Technologies website and have supplied your email address, Mad Scientist Technologies may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Mad Scientist Technologies and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Mad Scientist Technologies takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.</p>

<h3>Cookies</h3>
<p>A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Mad Scientist Technologies’ uses cookies to help Mad Scientist Technologies identify and track visitors, their usage of Mad Scientist Technologies websites, and their website access preferences. Mad Scientist Technologies visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Mad Scientist Technologies’ websites, with the drawback that certain features of Mad Scientist Technologies’ websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.</p>

<h3>Privacy Policy Changes</h3>
<p>Although most changes are likely to be minor, Mad Scientist Technologies may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Mad Scientist Technologies’ sole discretion. Mad Scientist Technologies encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.</p>

<p>January 22, 2009</p>